Shu Du
Could be my father's killer
What is the Qin family your father's enemy?
According to my investigation
The Qin family is the real wealthy family of the capital
Compared with the Qin family
Everything in the Shen family is minimal
Shen Yi, do you really have confidence?
Lieutenant, I must go
It's a pity you won't wake up yet
Xingyao also went here.
Do you really trust me to manage the company well?
I trust you so much
Why are you doing this to me?
What!
You stinky rascal
Su Yao, during my absence
Wipe this star for me
Since entering the department is your dream
I will definitely complete this case for you.
Just for my parents
In-laws are not involved either
We'll find out later
Xiaoyi
It's not that simple